Warn when non exactly parsing non floating-point (#11859)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/03-notations/11859-warn-inexact-float.rst

- **Added:**

>   Print a warning when parsing non floating-point values.

Reviewer: Out of context, this summary might seem a bit too vague. What about:
```suggestion
  In primitive floats, print a warning when parsing a decimal value that is not exactly a floating point number.
```

Author: Indeed, thanks!

- **Added:**
  In primitive floats, print a warning when parsing a decimal value

>   that is not exactly a floating point number.

Reviewer 2: small nitpick:
```suggestion
  that is not exactly a binary64 floating-point number.
```
